There is a clear correlation between e-waste and human health. 
Now how to deal with e-waste is a prevailing and controversial issue at international level, because its impact against the environment around the world is becoming intense more and more.
In order to prevent further damages caused by e-waste it is crucial to make all people recognize the fact that electronic waste can cause a serious problem on the environment and the fact that it is very tough to reduce the overall amount of e-waste.

The biggest factor that boosts the impact of e-waste is acts of informal recycling. 
Especially, in developing countries many recycling sectors or companies do not have appropriate technology to do formal recycling. 
In general, these sectors are adopting very primitive means of recycling to dispose huge amount of e-waste that imported from other developed and industrialized countries. 
As you can imagine, a plenty of detrimental substances has been emitted during the process of informal recycling, affecting human health through medium like drinking water. 
Particularly, those people who work in informal recycling sectors will be damaged the most by the e-waste. 

Some researchers assert that the damage caused by toxic materials in e-waste can be prevented if informal sectors around the world can shift to do recycling in appropriate ways. However, recycling businesses in developing countries are basically conducted by small informal business sectors. 
The developing country will lose a great opportunity of providing jobs for poor people if shifting to formal recycling, because these poor people usually do not have enough money to install the equipment required for formal recycling without aids from the country’s government. In addition, almost no developed countries allow transferring their own recycling system to developing countries for free. 
So, theoretically it is difficult to alleviate the impact of e-waste by transferring modern recycling technology to developing countries. 

Moreover, there is a trend that developed countries export their excess of e-waste to developing countries in Asia and Africa, because many developing countries generally have low concerns about the disadvantages of e-waste due to financial constraints. 
So, informal recycling companies in developing countries are welcome to accept e-waste from abroad. 
Actually, some countries are importing e-waste merely for reuse, but on other hands there are still many people who want to extract metal from e-waste, which could contaminate the natural environment. 
A famous report called “Exporting Harm: The High-Tech Trashing of Asia” claims that the USA exports 50–80% of overall e-waste to developing nations Having the best technology in the world, the USA still deals with the issue of e-waste by exporting. 
The informal recycling sectors in developing countries burden this large amount of e-waste instead of rewards for recycling. 
For this reason, it is difficult prohibiting transaction of e-waste since both sides respectively receives economic benefits. 

Next, current people tend to update their electronic devise even it’s still workable. The repetitive advent of new design and technology in these days has assisted the quick obsolescence of many existing electronic devises. 
New inventions always make our life more effective and convenient. However, it also contributes to more production of harmful substances in e-waste as well. 
For example, the life span of new electric items was substantially decreased because of the current wave of new design and technology. 
The average lifespan of a new computer has shortened from 4.5 years to about 2 years over last twenty years, which is still further decreasing.
As for the volume of e-waste, last year nearly 50m tons of e-waste was generated worldwide which indicates that every person on the planet produces about 7kg for one year. 
I couldn’t imagine how do I produce 7kg of e-waste for one year. 
This outcome was far beyond my expectation and showed me how high productivity of e-waste. 
In order to suppress this tendency, it is ideal that every person prefers to use environmentally friendly electronic items, unfortunately, their function is still limited when compared with newly published electronic devises. 
More investments in this field are taking place but it can not be the quick remedy for preventing the influence of e-waste. 

In conclusion, the amount of e-waste is still increasing at a fast pace every year, because un-exhausting creation of new technology keeps motivating consumers to update their electric items regularly and the behavior of informal recycling that prevails in many developing countries keeps producing more toxic substances included in e-waste. 
Despite that we have benefited from continuous advent of novel inventions we need to keep in our mind that we been harmed by toxic materials in e-waste at the same time. 
                                                        
